docs: describe installation (#149)
zeam-vm/pelemay_backend: utilities/node_activator/README.md

## Installation

> In order to use `NodeActivator`, you will need Elixir installed. Then create an Elixir project, whose name is `my_app`, for example, via the `mix` build tool:

Reviewer: I think it can be clearer if we separate the `whose name is ...` from the sentence. 

```suggestion
In order to use `NodeActivator`, you will need Elixir installed. Then create an Elixir project via the `mix` build tool. For example, if your project is `my_app`, you may run the following command.
```

Or what about simplify it like this?

```suggestion
In order to use `NodeActivator`, you will need Elixir installed. Then create an Elixir project via the `mix` build tool:
```

If the target audience is non-Elixir programmers, we might need extra explanation. Probably they will figure out what `my_app` indicates in the example.

```sh
$ mix new my_app
```

> Then you can add `NodeActivator` as dependency in your `mix.exs`:

Reviewer: I don't know what is best. I am not a native English speaker 😅 

"as a dependency" (when singular) and "add ... to ..." sound better to my ears.

```suggestion
Then you can add `NodeActivator` as a dependency to your `mix.exs`:
```

```suggestion
Then you can add `NodeActivator` to the dependencies in your `mix.exs`:
```

```suggestion
Then you can add `NodeActivator` to the list of dependencies in your `mix.exs`:
```

```elixir

>   def deps do
>     [
>         {:node_activator, "~> 0.1"}
>     ]
>   end

Reviewer: Just adjusting space

```suggestion
def deps do
  [
    {:node_activator, "~> 0.1"}
  ]
end
```

```

If you are using Livebook or IEx, you can instead run:

```elixir

> Mix.install([
>     {:node_activator, "~> 0.1"}
> ])

Reviewer: Just adjusting space

```suggestion
Mix.install([
  {:node_activator, "~> 0.1"}
])
```
